tic_tac_toe/README.md, before:

# TicTacToe

This is a rendition of the classic Tic Tac Toe game on the command line interface.

The project is described in the section [Project: OOP with Ruby](http://www.theodinproject.com/courses/ruby-programming/lessons/oop) from The Ruby Programming portion of The Odin Project.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'tic_tac_toe'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install tic_tac_toe

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/tic_tac_toe. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Minor fixes to game and add play_game.rb file

tic_tac_toe/README.md, after:

# TicTacToe

This is a rendition of the classic Tic Tac Toe game on the command line interface.

The project is described in the section [Project: OOP with Ruby](http://www.theodinproject.com/courses/ruby-programming/lessons/oop) from The Ruby Programming portion of The Odin Project.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'tic_tac_toe'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install tic_tac_toe

## Usage

Execute the following command to start the game:

    $ ruby play_game.rb


## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/tic_tac_toe. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
